docs(filter-field): Adds docs explaining nesting nodes (#1792)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/barista-components/filter-field/README.md

| `disabled`   | `boolean`                 | `false` | Whether the filter-field is disabled.                                                                            |
| `aria-label` | `string`                  |         | Sets the value for the Aria-Label attribute.                                                                     |

> _Note: Checkout the `Data source` section to understand how to provide the

Reviewer: Can we make the Data source section into an anchor link to that section. Would probably be helpful

> _Note: Checkout the `Data source` section to understand how to provide the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	_Note: Checkout the `Data source` section to understand how to provide the
```

> _Note: Check out the [Data source](components/filter-field#Data-source) section

Reviewer: Should be sufficient, but it's fine either way
```suggestion
_Note: Check out the [Data source](#Data-source) section
```

The filter-field provides a default implementation of a `DataSource`, named
`DtFilterFieldDefaultDataSource`, that takes a specific form of data

> (`DtFilterFieldDefaultDataSourceType`). Theoretically, the filter-field supports
> an infinite nesting of nodes. Only special nodes like range and distinct need to
> be leaf nodes (the last node of a branch).

Reviewer 3: Infinite number of nodes might not be the best description. Maybe something like: 
```suggestion
(`DtFilterFieldDefaultDataSourceType`). The filter-field supports
many layers of nesting for autocomplete nodes. You can have as many autocomplete nodes nested as you need. E.g. Having "continent > country > region > city" as 3 layers of autocomplete works perfectly fine. Nodes that can only be leaf nodes are free-text, range and options. 
```
Distinct options can also have any number of child nodes or layers.

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleFilterFieldInfiniteDataDepth"></ba-live-example>

If your data has a different structure you can either transform it to fit the

> default data source structure, or create your own custom data source.

Reviewer 4: NIT: I would not state that you should transform it – I would state that you should create your own data source

The filter-field provides a default implementation of a `DataSource`, named
`DtFilterFieldDefaultDataSource`, that takes a specific form of data
(`DtFilterFieldDefaultDataSourceType`). Theoretically, the filter-field supports

> an infinite nesting of nodes. Only special nodes like range, distinct,... , need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an infinite nesting of nodes. Only special nodes like range and distinct need
```

> to be leaf nodes (the last node of a branch)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be leaf nodes (the last node of a branch).
```

<ba-live-example name="DtExampleFilterFieldInfiniteDataDepth"></ba-live-example>

> If your data has a different form you can either transform your data so the
> default data source can understand it, or you create your own custom data
> source.

Reviewer: NIT:
```suggestion
If your data has a different structure you can either transform it to fit the
default data source structure, or create your own custom data
source.
```
